Sometimes the eyelids remain dull, sometimes the facial expression brings a smile.
Kazan got up and sometimes praised his horse, sometimes he praised himself, but when he turned around, everyone was talking about the art of Begil.
The bus goes somehow fast, somehow slow.
The last TV programs were broadcast in Russian, in Kazakh.
Sometimes a steppe with a white wind, sometimes hills with red curls, sometimes lakes with green reeds.
One day she cries, one day she cries and worries.
Sometimes it rained outside, sometimes it snowed.
Once there were blue reed lakes, once there were yellow reed lakes.
Sometimes a steppe with a white wind, sometimes hills with red curls, sometimes lakes with green reeds.
Sometimes the soul needs to breathe, sometimes the soul needs to sing.
Sometimes there are films in the club, sometimes they read interesting reports.
The car accelerates, sometimes slows down.
Sometimes they stop and rest, sometimes they walk for a long time.
Children sometimes sing and sometimes swim in the river.
Sometimes it will rain in the steppe, sometimes it will snow.
Sometimes the birds flew a little lower, sometimes they flew a little higher.
At the mouth of the October sky, sometimes a fire burns, sometimes it burns and flickers.
Sometimes it rained heavily, sometimes it stopped raining.
Nurbek sometimes smiled looking at Tauke, sometimes smiled looking at me.
Aizhan sometimes sings and sometimes plays the dombra.
Sometimes the sky is covered with dark clouds, sometimes it opens up.
My grandmother sometimes sews and sometimes knits.
The excavator raises the long neck and lowers it.
Sometimes Asset lies, sometimes gets up.
Kazakhs sometimes play dombra and sometimes sing.
Sometimes a fire glows under the sky, sometimes a red flame.
Someone stretches this patterned, multi-rhythmic "twenty-five", and one day a gentle brown, wide-breathing "Zhanbota" comes out.
Sometimes you are disappointed in life, sometimes you are happy.
Sometimes you are happy, sometimes you are depressed.
Sometimes you tell me your secret, sometimes you are depressed.
Sometimes they stop and rest, sometimes they walk for a long time.
Children sometimes play football and sometimes swim in the river.
Travelers are sometimes interested in nature, sometimes in the mountains.
Children sometimes sing and sometimes dance.
Sometimes we cook, sometimes they cook.
Sometimes the car rumbles, sometimes the workers shout for help.
It will rain and snow in the steppe.
Sometimes you create the world, sometimes you have the right to live.
Sometimes your wisdom prevails, sometimes your stupidity prevails.
Sometimes Sakai goes to guard the crop, sometimes me.
The cauldron sometimes glows in the mouth of the sky, and sometimes it glows hot.
It is snowing outside and thunderstorms.
Sometimes he advised and sometimes blamed both of them.
Someone is one step ahead, someone is lagging behind.
The boots sometimes slipped, sometimes they fell.
From the books of Herzen and Chernyshevsky it seems that this is a great mystical truth, which is sometimes achieved, sometimes clearly, and sometimes partially understood.
The fruits of many years of inspiration of the great poet, excited now by the voices of small children, now by the singing of a serious open Indian guy, now by the rhythm of a delicate, sensitive girl-singer.
Only the names of the workers change, sometimes - Kengirbai, sometimes Kunanbai, today - Azimbai.
The news was broadcast live on television and repeated.
Sometimes she is upset and sometimes she cries.
Sometimes white steppe, sometimes yellow peaks.
Once there was a steppe with white rays, and sometimes there were red curly hills.
Sometimes you need to breathe, sometimes you need warm words.
The club sometimes hosts films and sometimes interesting games.
The car accelerates and sometimes slows down.
They stopped, rested, and ran.
Children sometimes sang and sometimes played football.
It was raining and windy in the steppe.
The birds flew a little lower and a little higher.
At the mouth of the October sky, sometimes a fire shines, sometimes it goes out.
It rained a lot and sometimes it snowed.
Nurgali smiles sometimes at Tauke, sometimes at Samat.
Sometimes Aizhan sings and sometimes dances.
Sometimes the sky is covered with dark clouds, sometimes it is sunny.
My grandmother sometimes carves and sometimes reads fairy tales to her grandchildren.
The excavator lifts the long neck and lifts it up.
Aset runs little and walks little.
Kazakhs sometimes played the dombra, sometimes danced.
Under the sky, the fire sometimes glows, and sometimes it burns brightly.
Sometimes you are disappointed in life, sometimes you are happy to say thank you.
Sometimes you are happy, sometimes you don't talk to anyone.
Sometimes you tell me your secret, sometimes you tell someone else.
They walk slowly and sometimes for a long time.
Children sometimes play football and sometimes play volleyball.
Travelers are sometimes interested in nature, sometimes in the park.
Sometimes in rows, sometimes in groups, children played games.
Children sometimes sing and sometimes play the dombra.
Sometimes we cook, sometimes we buy.
Sometimes the car rumbles, sometimes the sound is slow.
It was snowing and blizzard in the steppe.
Sometimes you make a quick decision with your mind, sometimes you play the slow game with great stupidity.
Sometimes Sakai, and sometimes Aset, go to guard the harvest.
At the mouth of the cauldron sometimes the fire is very hot, sometimes it is hot and flickers.
It is snowing and raining outside.
Sometimes he gave advice, and sometimes he listened to what happened.
Sometimes Dariga wrote a poem, sometimes she wrote an essay.
The poetess sometimes played the dombra, and sometimes took part in aitys.
The poet Aigerim sometimes wrote a song and sometimes sang on stage.
The poet Aigerim wrote a poem in Kazakh and Russian.
Aigerim liked the broad Kazakh soul and was struck by the richness of the Kazakh language.
Darkhan sometimes read a book and sometimes filled out a diary.
On the weekend, he showed a concert on television and a film.
The children sang and played games.
Sometimes the poet wrote a poem about love, and sometimes he wrote a poem about his homeland.