Children did different things to get rid of Ergesh's bad habits.
To listen to Ayana's fairy tale, village children gather every evening at the house of Bapai's grandfather.
He covered his face with a towel so that his comrades would not recognize him.
He wrapped felt around the horse's hooves so that the hooves could not be heard.
Not wanting to interfere with the happy moments of mother and child, he tried not to hear the whispers of his behavior.
To have a good life, you need to work hard.
Students want to know what they don't know.
Marat left for the city to study.
He traveled to many cities to study.
We turned to the edge of the village so that we could not hear the rumble of the horse.
He traveled to countries to study.
He entered alone in order to take the thing he needed from there.
To keep your teapot without breaking, you need a good shelf.
Abai invited Magash and Abish to talk here alone.
He warmed his knees in front of the fire so that his leg stopped hurting.
Seeing my tears, Pavel went into the dining room so as not to upset me.
I will tell you that I sincerely wish, without hiding everything that is on my mind.
Чтобы отвлечься от разных мыслей, закачавших мозг, Асия смотрела на горящий огонь.
After this conversation, Ospan was going to go to work, taking Aigerim and Erbol, they left the house.
To keep the tea hot and thick, a jug with a side strip boils on the electric stove next to it.
The beetle digs a hole deep to prevent the penetration of winter cold.
He covered his face so that he would not be recognized.
To look the part, whoever saw, he kept himself calm.
The rest of the people passed by without making a sound, so as not to frighten the bird.
Bauzhan, wanting to see his mother, went to the village.
Azamat ran out onto the road to help his grandmother cross the road.
Asan extended his hand, wanting to say hello.
To forget who is near, he becomes with himself.
Nurzhan hid the broken bike in the direction of the barn so that no one could see it.
To be fluent in English, you need to watch a lot of films in that language.
He went in alone to get what he needed.
Kopey put a samovar in front of the door to see if the dust settled.
Earlier, Abai, through a translator he knew, greeted the newcomer Lozovsky, trying to figure out what he was doing.
Asan got up to answer the question.
Asem memorized a song for the New Year in order to receive a New Year's gift.
Aibek started learning a programming language, intending to release a new game playable on a computer.
Mairam and Asia spent the night doing their homework to get a good math grade.
Nargiza did not take out her umbrella to see if the rain would stop.
Wanting to find out about the condition of his grandmother, Marat went to the village.
The girls enrolled in a school circle to learn how to dance.
The girls wanted to learn to dance and enrolled in a school circle.
Rustam got up to make way for an adult on the bus.
Rustam got up to make way for an adult on the bus.
The old man walked to the back of the bus to see if the young people would give him a place.
Azat was silent, so as not to say anything offensive.
To entertain his friends, Meirbeck told interesting stories that he went through.
Asan called a taxi to take his mother to the clinic.
Darkhan worried that Saul would miss the train.
Aizhan was sitting on a bench in the yard, waiting for her friends.
Kasym wanted to learn how to drive and went out of town to drive.
You have to work hard to reach your goal.
On his birthday, Asan was waiting for his father in the yard to see if he would bring a new bicycle.
Asan's father came to the store for a birthday present.
Asan's father came to the store for a birthday present.
The mother took the children outside to clean the house.
The mother took the children outside to clean the house.
The children went home to see if their mother was cleaning the house.
Miras has published numerous reports on the development of thinking skills.
Miras did many tasks to develop his thinking skills.
Miras tried to solve difficult problems to see if his thinking skills would improve.
To please his mother, Bolat bought a towel as a present.
Bolat wanted to please his mother and bought a towel as a gift.
Bolat bought a towel as a gift to see if his mother would be happy.
Berzhan tried to advise his brother and called him.
Berzhan called his brother for advice.
Berzhan called his brother for advice.
Ainur and Feruza decided to make a surprise for Aliya.
Ainur and Feruza made a plan to surprise Aliya.
Alia wondered if Ainur and Feruz would be surprised.
Students began to raise additional funds for travel to other countries.
Students began to raise additional funds for travel to other countries.
Students began raising funds to see if they could visit other countries.
Asan leaves for this country for a long time to learn a new language.
Asan is going to live in the village for a long time to learn a new language.
Wanting to learn a new language, Asan decided to stay in the village for a long time.
Wanting to master a new direction, Gulnara began to prepare for the university.
To master a new direction, Gulnara began to prepare for the university.
Wanting to master a new direction, Gulnara began to prepare for the university.
Marzhan and Aybanu went to the cinema to watch the new film.
Marzhan and Aybanu went to the cinema to watch the new film.
The grandmother put the candies in a box to pass on to her grandson.
To give sweets to her granddaughter later, my grandmother put them in a box.
The grandmother put the candies in a box to pass them on to her grandson.
Rysgul wanted to go to study in another city and asked her mother's permission.
Rysgul asked her mother for permission to go to study in another city.
Rysgul asked her mother for permission to go to study in another city.
Madina bought the necessary products to learn how to bake cakes.
Madina wanted to learn how to bake cakes and bought the necessary food.
Madina bought the necessary products to learn how to bake cakes.
Relatives congratulated Tlek on his success.
Relatives congratulated Tlek on his success.
Relatives took Tlek to congratulate him on his success.
Kuanysh and Anara also waited for a personal conversation while those who were sitting would go out into the street.
Kuanysh and Anara also talked in private and waited for those sitting to go out into the street.
Kuanysh and Anara also talked in private, waiting for those sitting to go out into the street.
I decided to do physical labor and went on a summer vacation.
I went on a summer vacation to do manual labor.
I decided to do physical labor, went on summer vacation.