By the time the meeting was over, the list had already been drawn up.
Once, when Kurmash was feeding Kokserek, the black and piebald dog rushed to Kokserek.
The puppy, having arrived in the village, opened his eyes two days later.
When it got dark, Kokserek came to the village alone.
Leaving for summer vacations, he is engaged only in physical labor.
When Ulpan arrives at the promised place, there are traces of a horse, but the boy and the horse were not there.
With the onset of winter, Oraz also prepares to go hunting.
When they both left the house in the evening, the guests had not yet dispersed.
When the sun rose, Amankelde met about ten more people.
Since the people arrived, Kasym has not stayed in this house.
When Elkin came to the workshop in the afternoon, Zhakypa was not with the guys.
Today, when the black wind started, snow from the gravel also began to fall.
Before I could say this, he wrote it down.
Before leaving, Marat disposed of his documents.
When those who were sitting went out into the street, Kuanysh pen Anar also went for a separate walk.
After moving to the district center, the life of the population was significantly improved.
After moving from the winter quarters to Zhailau, the aul-aul begins to be invited to visit in honor of the neighborhood.
When they reached the finish line, Nurlan fell halfway down.
You weren't home when I came.
When Moldir went to the store, her mother was at work.
We were still at home when Sabir was outside.
When I got to the city, the weather deteriorated sharply and it began to rain heavily.
When the two of them left the house, the guests had not yet left.
After the establishment of the government, Alash was sure that everything would be resolved fairly.
Before the formation of the party, patriotic citizens shared a common consciousness and ideas.
As soon as the work of the Alash arys began,many difficulties appeared.
When Abai entered the house, Abish read the paper in the envelope.
When Yeseli went out into the field, it was morning.
When the horses looked at each other, they saw a large crowd sitting nearby.
About a hundred years have passed since the discovery of Karaganda coal.
The village has not rested a day since the arrival in the village.
When the family went out into the street, white morning came.
When Timur returned home, his uncle invited him.
After sitting for a while, Asan, tired from walking during the day, fell asleep.
When he arrived, the lesson was over.
Before I asked Zenep about her sister, I myself found the place where her sister was sitting.
The barlastas arrived, Kulanbai went home.
Today, as soon as the strong wind began to blow, the snow began to fall.
After the death of Seyid's father,Igilik took the orphan to himself.
As soon as the sun rose, the village children gathered around Ayan.
When Birzhan arrived in the village, he was not separated from Abai.
When the smell of wormwood reaches our noses, we always remember Ayan.
When Abai set off, all his thoughts were about getting to the village faster.
Before the children turned to look back at the village, they saw a lot of people coming down to the plain.
When Asan went to school, his mother was at the store.
While Sabir was at school, we were still at home.
When Ainur arrived at the university, the friends had already reached home.
When Feruza called her mother, her brother was playing at home.
When they entered the house, the mother prepared the food at home.
After reading the book, Birzhan wanted to be like the main character of the book.
Asan remembers her grandmother when the smell of cake is in the kitchen.
As soon as a strong wind began to blow in the steppe, the leaves on the tree began to fall.
When Marat came to school, classes were already over.
When Abai enters the house,the village children discuss Abai's interesting story.
When I got to the library, it was raining hard.
When I put the books on the shelf, the shelf is about to fall.
When Miras went outside, the sun had already entered the nest.
When they got home, Nurzhan started talking on the phone and stayed halfway there.
Before I asked Aigerim to solve the problem, I found the answer myself.
You weren't at the museum when I arrived.
As soon as Kasym arrived, Asan's voice was not heard at all.
When Asan and Usen left the house, the guests had not yet left.
When they left the school, their classmates were still standing in front of the school.
When Mereke came out of the English class, her mother was waiting outside.
As soon as Kaisar learned to drive, he bought a new car.
As soon as I learned how to bake sweets, I made sweets on the table and invited my friends.
As heavy rain began to fall outside, children playing in the fields broke into their homes.
Before I asked Asem for a stop, I found it on the map in my phone.
When my phone went dead, I was already home.
With the onset of winter, people prepared for the hunt.
With the onset of autumn, people began to gather fruits.
Before the beginning of the summer, people began to prepare gardens.
After the exam, Marat did not start training.
When her mother came home, began to come to visit.
When Marat left to study in another city, his brother returned from school.
When they got out of school, their classmates still stood in front of the school.
When Asan came to work, his mother called.
Before them, as Asan came to work, called his mother.
When Asan came to work, his mother called.
When Arman came home, his mother cooked at home.
Before Arman returned home, he saw that his mother was washing linen in the field.
As only Asset did the lessons, he went out into the street to help his father.
As only the village children conspired, they were included in the game.
After that, as the village children told the story, they joined the game.
While the children were talking, Abai appeared in the distance.
While the children were talking, Abai appeared in the distance.
When the villagers were silent, Abai appeared in the distance.
When Ainura finished reading the book, a sound came from the window.
While Ainura was reading, a sound came from the window.
While the meeting did not begin, Aida entered the office.
As soon as the meeting began, Aida entered the office.
Once, the puppy was fed Kurmasha, the spotted puppy was thrown to the puppy.
In one beautiful day, while Kurmash was feeding his puppy, a black boy was feeding his puppy.
After the summer holidays he went to rest in Alma-Ata.
When Ulpa came to the promised place, there was no one.
By that time, as Ulpa had reached the promised place, everything had gone from house to house.
Wrestlers prepared for competitions before the performances of amateurs.
By that time, as boys and girls had built altybakan, March skin was already ready.
After the beginning of the Nauryz holiday, trees were planted.
When the earth began to blush, Kunanbay returned to the dacha from Karkaralinsk.
While my grandmother was reading a book, Abai went out into the street.
While Magzhan was looking for the village children, he saw Abisha in the distance.
By that time, as Asan came to the park, the children parted.
When I arrived in the village, the weather was bad.
Before I got to the village, it was snowing.
When I arrived in the village, the weather was bad.
Before Zhanar approached the school, Erbol appeared in front of her, smiling.
Nurkent attended additional classes, so far it was not possible to speak English fluently.
When Esen turned on the TV, the family's voice was not heard.
When Asan went out on the street, guests came to the house.
When Myra went for a walk in the village, her younger sister went for a walk.
When girls and guys created altybakan, March skin was ready.
While girls and boys did not create altybakan, March skin was ready.
After that, as girls and guys created altybakan, March skin was ready.
While my grandmother did not read the book, Abai went out into the street.
Then, as my grandmother read the book, Abai went out into the street.
When Arman entered the house, it turned out that his mother was cooking at home.
When they called at the door, in Aigerim's room flowers were flowing.
After Esen went to a new school, he made new friends.
Until then, as Esen went to a new school, his success was good.
Anara waited until Madi understood with her papers.
Unraveling Madi's paper, they went for a walk with Anara.
Madi, assembling clothes, went out into the street.
Azat continued to drive his brother's car until he bought a new car.
Marat finished his work to meet with Azat.
Marat finished his work, while Azat did not meet.
Zere, meeting Abay, feels very happy.
When Asan and Usen went fishing, Marat went to bring the ball, which remained at school.
Until then, the doctor did not prescribe the necessary treatment to the grandfather, the house came his son.
While Usen and his mother did not get to the market, Asan followed them.
While Usen and his mother did not get to the market, Asan followed them.
When Rysgul arrived at the airport, it was morning.
When Rysgul arrived at the airport, it was morning.
Just as Rysgul flew to the airport, she called her mother.
When Aigerim realized that Rysgul wanted to say, she had tears in her eyes.
Seeing the dispute between Bekezhan and Tolegen, Zhibek called on the villagers to help.
Seeing the dispute between Bekezhan and Tolegen, Zhibek called on the villagers to help.
When mom and child came to the kindergarten, Marat played.
While mom and son got up to kindergarten, Marat ran ahead.
The cat, coming to the village, opened his eyes for two days.
When the puppy came to the village, his eyes did not open.
When Nurzhan came to the library, Asiya chose the book.
Before I got to the park, I had a lot on my mind.
When Aset came to school, the class had already ended.
By that time, as Anar came to school, the lessons were over.
When Ulan did not sleep at night, his family was excited.
When the mother brought the cake, the children ran away to meet her.
While my mother was preparing a pie, the children ran around their mother.