Abai spent the night without sleep, but in the morning he took an hour's nap.
Although Abai felt good intentions from Dandibai, they did not help him then.
Although Ulbergen was poor, he kept his clothes clean.
Before repeating one word, tell me about my driving a combine.
Since you are talking about such advanced individual Komsomols, it would be better if you stood up for all the youth of the factory.
Young people are more educated, but they need the help of experienced workers.
Despite the fact that he turned 32 years old, this summer Captain Yenakiev got gray hair.
The sun is shining, but it's cold outside.
Although he was moving fast, he missed the train.
Although he had little time to study, he passed the exam well.
Until you bought earrings for five thousand tenge, give that money to your parents.
Although you came, the work was not over.
Although winter came, it did not snow.
Although spring has already begun, it is snowing.
Although Almas is educated, he has a bad memory.
Although it was cloudy, the rain was not.
Although the lesson began, the students were not fully gathered.
Although the day is cold, but the dormitory is warm.
Although I was tired, but the food was cooked.
Although they helped me, but I did everything myself.
Even though I went on vacation, I couldn't go anywhere.
Even though it will be cold tomorrow, will you go to the mountains?
Although he had money, he did not buy anything.
Although they had little time to prepare the lesson, they passed the exam well.
Although (despite the fact that) thick snow fell on Shymbulak, the winter season will open in November.
Although we both went to the same school, we are not close acquaintances.
Although I got a little cold, I'm fine.
Rather than wasting time, do your homework better.
It is better to have a bright face than a gold ring.
Than live a long time, and shine with silver, it is better to live a little, but sparkle with gold.
Although they have different goals, they have been working together for about ten years.
Although the moon is dark, it is quite possible to predict the path.
By the time I got there, he was gone.
He stayed at work until the evening, although he finished work.
The day in this valley is hot, but the nights are cold.
Knowing that the store was closed, Rustem went there.
No matter how I looked, he did not notice me.
Despite the fact that he was thirty-two years old, this summer Captain Yenakiev had gray hair on his forehead.
When Stepanov did not run, Igilik and Kenzhegara looked at each other.
Although it is difficult to study, there are many students who study very well.
Although they are related, they look like strangers.
Despite her father's permission, Gulnara did not let Baizhan go home.
Although Abai's father was cruel, his mother was kind.
Knowing that I am busy, you call for help.
He has been to our house before, but he could not find our house.
Get this tone even if it's expensive.
Even if there is no time, the phone rings.
Despite the arrival of winter, there was no snow.
There would be no snow if winter had not come.
You stay at home than freeze on the street.
People dress lightly, knowing that the sun is cold.
He wanted to refine the task, he dared not ask again.
Although the work was long overdue, Rakhmet and Liza spent a lot of time analyzing tomorrow's meeting.
No matter how high the sea level is, water can come from anywhere in the region.
Although he came, I could not leave.
He can do nothing but show off.
Although Baltabek recognized Amantai, Botakoz did not recognize
Although he did not promise, the next day he did not arrive at the promised place.
Although Darkhan got married, there was no wedding.
Although both hands were shaking, Ospan did not enter.
Although the teacher entered the classroom, the students did not stand up.
Even if I don't go to school, I get bad grades.
Although we had a car, we could not get to the village.
When it was cold, the disciples climbed the mountain.
Although he is tall, he is paid less.
Although I was traveling to Almaty, I did not see him.
He didn't like what she said.
I told him, but he didn't decide.
Although expensive, they ordered the full course.
Do you remember me, at least occasionally?
In any case, you shouldn't leave here.
Although the information was increased by ten percent, the facts were still false.
No matter how young he is, you cannot stop him from thinking for himself.
Even if I have to write a letter, I will not refuse it.
Despite the fact that it gets dark, planes fly overhead.
Although she is only twelve years old, she is a real lady.
Although she regularly goes to extra classes, she does not give up.
Although my sweater is not very pretty, it is very warm.
But he said he would not argue with me if he didn’t even agree with me.