Shairei was stunned by this word, but he thought of Kudabey.
Horsemen and sledges passed by, but Abdrakhman leaned against the window for a long time.
On a beautiful night, he gets up as quietly as possible, but wakes up together.
In a hurry, however, it's a shame not to turn around.
I want to go, but the place is far away.
Dyakoven also tried to find a common language, but he failed.
Mambeth wanted to fire again a second time, but did not receive a pistol.
Every day there is something new, but this news does not excite mom as much as it used to.
This country has always respected Mukhita before, but not to the same extent.
I wanted to say something insignificant, but Shymyrbek fell silent.
He was not an old man, but he suffered from grief.
Shairei was stunned by this word, but he thought of Kudabey.
Horsemen and sledges passed by, but Abdrakhman leaned against the window for a long time.
On a beautiful night, he gets up as quietly as possible, but wakes up together.
These are stingy people who are rich in gold and silver, but do not care about the dead.
The only language mourners are the writers, but so far they have not shown any significant movement.
It could not grow up, but it still has many branches.
Galia knew she was confused, but did not understand why she was confused.
Yerzhan rode well, he dressed well, but he did not know how to look after animals.
Not only wolves and wild boars are scary, but reeds too.
I escaped the wind, but the freezing of my body did not subside.
He is cruel, but that does not mean that he is bad.
I know the pain is intense, but you need to be patient.
Bayan has a good voice, but she is embarrassed to sing.
I don't think I have that kind of talent, but I will dance.
This year the winter was cold, but there was little snow.
I didn't want to go to the theater, but I didn't want to disappoint him either.
You have a lot of knowledge, but you lack experience.
Mist lay at his feet, but a blue sky shone above him.
He searched for the wind for a long time, but there was no wind.
Old firs and cedars have lost their white clothes, but in many places they have covered the ground with large blizzards.
In the ten years that I lived with the Dursleys, some strange things happened, but no one spoke or looked for a reason.
When Voldemort failed to kill Harry, he lost his ability to perform magic, but no one knows why.
Harry escaped from the clutches of Voldemort for the second time, but does not believe that this will last forever.
Harry had learned to ignore his cousin's words, but today he was stunned.
Mrs Potter was Mrs Dursley's sister, but they never saw each other.
The Dursleys know that the Potters also have a young son, but they have never seen him.
It is true that there is a stray cat sitting at the corner of Privet Drive, but no map is visible.
He doesn't know why, but Mr. Dursley shrugged as soon as he saw them.
This group is also whispering, but no one collects money for charity.
I don't know about this, but compared to other things that remind us of today's country, it seems like owls stay on the road.
Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was sharing the two gummies, didn't seem to notice.
There are twelve arrows, but no number is visible.
The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had one secret.
This woman also wore a cloak, but it was light green, not purple.
He stared at Dumbledore, hoping to hear something from him, but Dumbledore said nothing.
I managed to find in Rio de Janeiro several scientists who were seriously involved in the Great Work, but they avoided meeting me.
He is very demanding, but there is no limit to his kindness.
Nowadays they know their profession, but they also know that the language of alchemy is not about the mind, but about the heart.
He paused, wondering if the gypsy knew what it was, but she said nothing.
In five years, 999,999 stones were broken to find a single gem, but to no avail.
Perhaps I need to learn to trust people, but I cannot change that.
Wealth and fame can be lost, but the happiness in the heart can only be temporarily extinguished.
He seemed to hate me, but that didn't bother me.
Mostly a very smart girl, but lazy.
I want to tell you that I cannot come, but I still need to talk to you.
Anna likes it, but don't tell anyone.
Dark autumn has come, but the sun is still warm.
Dilda felt that Abai was suffering, but she did not regret it.
It was snowing, but it was warm outside.
Daan knows from the very beginning what he is doing, but does not hide it.
When I am sick, I see my soul, but I don’t want to hurt my mother.
I hear voices from afar, but I can't guess where they come from.
The song stopped, but the guitar music didn't stop.
There was a shepherd with him, but he could not keep up with him.
Saule laughed, but he couldn't laugh.
He gave a general description, but did not go over it in detail.
He began to say that the trip was a success, but Ayman left.
He is over ninety years old, but his mind and health are deteriorating.
Many words were said, but he did not remember them.
Soviet power fell, but the momentum is still felt.
I have to get up early tomorrow, but I have a lot of work.
He called, but still he did not come.
On April 11, 1867, the Vernenskaya fortress was renamed, but in the same year, according to the report of the "Steppe Commission", the city was renamed Verny.
I’m better at solving the problem, however, but in reality we both have a low level.
I was fond of drawing a lot, but he really didn't like this business of mine.
I read the book, but it bored me.
I watched a lot of films, but the book was more interesting to read.
We fought a lot in two, but this time was interesting.
There are many people on the street, but few people can help.
I asked him who he would become, he did not say.
He was very upset with me, but I didn't care.
There were electrical fuses in the house, but to fix them, you had to go to the far end of the warehouse.
Reading in German is much easier than before, but I couldn't read myself.
Prayers look so beautiful, but I'm not interested in that.
I asked Margot and Peter if they would like to help, but they were both too lazy.
Our relationship with mom has been getting better lately, but we never speak completely openly.
We immediately started picking apples, but they fell from our hands.
They may not be married, but that doesn't matter.
The answer to my problem was wrong, but the solution was correct.
I am peeling boiled potatoes, however I have finished my work.
He greeted me with joy, but waited a long time at the station.
I'm angry, but I shouldn't show it to anyone.
I probably act like a child, but others don't think so.
I live in Almaty, but I was born in another city.
Margot has stopped correcting the mistake, but I think she will start writing the letter again later.
We waited, waited, but nothing was heard.
We all fell asleep, but we could not sleep.
The sun went down - no one noticed.
He arrived in town yesterday, but his destination address has changed.
I went to play yesterday, but I didn't see Aziza.
We entered the race, but lost to the opposing team.
I went to my mother, but she left.
Winter has come, but the day is warm.
Spring has come, but the day is cold.
It seems that all people know their fate at a young age, but over time, latent power will lead them to a different situation.
The book did not have a cover, but he found the name of the author.
There were no wolves in the area, but sometimes the sheep scattered.
He broke a stone, but to no avail.
People are created to live in harmony, but they cannot follow the desires of their hearts.
He understands that he cannot do this, but he cannot do anything for himself.
Requirements can be set, but in unfavorable conditions they become weak and lazy.
They get tired very quickly, but in a normal environment, for example, at home, such children behave well and study well.
Emotions are born slowly, but differ in depth and strength.
They are very sensitive, keep resentments to themselves and think a lot about them, but they do not show anyone that they have such problems.
Others wanted to become teachers, but when her friends applied to medical school, she also applied.
We have a gender policy, which was also in Soviet times, but was one-sided.
Chingis and Chokan Valikhanovs recorded from within the country, that is, from the Kazakhs, but this version was not immediately published.
The guy announces his choice to the people, but the messenger Kambar does not inform the batyr.
He immediately agrees, but he himself sets the condition for Aiganym's sharp and persistent order.
We do not argue, but we also do not deviate from the truth.
He was determined to fight by force, but this was too little compared to the Russian army.
There Suyunbike endures a lot of humiliation, but the spirit of a proud soul is not broken.
There were many liars in the people, but none of this attracted the attention of the mistress.
Shamanic beliefs do not specify the image of a woman, but warn that women were shamans too.
We can say that fairies and devils are not bad images at all, but we can say that they are the descendants of a special being.
There was a legend a long time ago, but he agrees to this and does not allow him to be killed.
We will not meet for a long time, but I am sure that the victory will be ours.
There will be fear, but when the fire burns, you set your first goal - to save people
My mom is very worried, but she always supports me, as this is my choice.
I have no information about the progress of graduates, but few young people choose this profession.
Last year we had two medals, but every year we took a place in the natural and mathematical direction.
He has forgiven her many times, but there is a limit to forgiveness.
Aydar slammed the door, but less than a minute later he opened it back.
I planned to go on purpose, but I couldn't.
The road to the village was long, but they did not notice how quickly they got there with conversations.
It is hot in summer, but it also rains.
We believe that the larger the head, the smarter, but this opinion is incorrect.
These people were like us, but their cognitive abilities - the ability to learn new things, remember, communicate - were much lower.
Sapiens made much clearer sounds than green monkeys, but both elephants and whales have this ability.
They all depend on information, but they fail to gossip.
Ants and bees are also a large group, but they carry out their duties according to strict rules.
Gossip plays a role, but gossip has its limits.
They hire mechanics, accountants and secretaries, but these people are not employees of the company.
The company has executives and shareholders, but they are not the company itself.
The pedigree of horses and donkeys is not very distant, but they are not alike.
When he graduated from school, the gold medal seemed to be at his disposal, but the only medal received at school went to another child.
In the summer of the same year, he passed the exam at the Faculty of Philology of the university, but received a grade of four in all subjects.
Time is fragmented, however it does not return.
A blow to national identity, but the path to it is difficult.
I could not get an answer in Kazakh, but it was clear from their names and types that they were Kazakhs.
The story takes the reader to the village, but there is no nostalgic nostalgia for the village.
We compare the information about this reservoir, which is found in the literature of the ancient world, in its content, but is of great value for geographical knowledge, in comparison with modern research.
Precipitation also brings salt to the sea, but not in large quantities.
In 1970, the average cotton yield reached 24.8 centners per hectare, but this was due to over-planting, which was not included in the plan.
The water used for the full ripening of rice is 50,000 m3 per hectare, but in many areas, especially in some areas of the lower reaches of the Syr Darya, the actual volume of water used to maintain the water level has reached 80,000 m3 per hectare.
Of these, the volume of non-refundable was estimated at 1.2 km3, but the actual consumption was much higher.
The development of these lands for cotton was carried out through the construction of multi-stage pumping stations, but irrigation erosion, pits, landslides, caves appeared in the soil.
The foothills are suitable for growing fruit and vineyards, but not for cotton, corn or other crops.
The irrigation systems are piped, but very expensive.
Highly fertile gray soils and saline soils are common, but the latter are easily washed off with water.
It does not enter the channel of the Amu Darya, but flows into the Karakum Desert.
Since 1963, the construction of drainage systems began on these newly developed territories, but reclamation construction progressed very slowly.
Hundreds of small lakes and ponds were drained, but the newly reclaimed virgin lands were drained a year later and lost their fertility.
As a result, it was calculated that 70 km of water will be sufficient for irrigation, but this will require 90 km of water.
The western part of this plain is also composed of such alluvial deposits, but there are muddy swamps, meadow bogs, meadow alluvial soils.
There are 34 lakes with an average depth of 1-3 meters, but due to drought in the region, the water mass of these lakes has adapted to decrease rather than increase.
This water has a slightly harsh taste, but is suitable for drinking by animals.
Each type of soil has its own salt regime, but this property is unstable.
People are not allowed to drink, but animals and wild animals do.
The plant community here is richer in species than the emerging groups on the new continental shelf, but the biomass is poor, which is typical of desert plants.
In the southeastern part of the island, there seems to be a saxaul forest covering a large area, but the saxaul forest is being cut down mercilessly.
Before obtaining the status of the Barsakelmes reserve, saigas apparently lived here, but in small numbers.
The species composition of plants is long-lasting, but the biomass continues to decline.
There are not many bird species here, but many locals call the pond a “bird market”.
There is such information, but approximate and not entirely about the Aral Sea.
It is noteworthy that salt contains a high concentration of sodium sulfide, but it is not present in seawater.
Salts may contain magnesium sulfate, but the chloride content is much higher than that of conventional sulfates.
Magnesium also accumulates in the solution, but when the concentration of the solution is low, it is much less than the amount of sodium.
In the summer months, the deposition of calcium salts continues, but mirabilite goes into solution.
In the summer heat, sulfate salts still dissolve, but very slowly and in small quantities.
Reclamation of drylands continues, but is in its infancy.
Sowing was slightly delayed due to organizational work, but did not negatively affect the physiological state of the experimental wheat.
Livestock has a production plan, but it has turned into a lagging industry without care or attention.
In hot summer, he once a day goes to lakes, rivers and lakes to drink water, but carefully quenches his thirst.
A rare migratory bird that lives in the desert, but also seems to live at an altitude of 1800 m southeast of Altai Mountains.
This animal is a close relative of the steppe mink and is very similar to it, but from afar it is a perch.
The wing of the first gate is black and the wing of the second gate is white, but its end is black.
The tail was longer than the body, but very flat.
He swims well in water because his fingers are connected by a flap, but he cannot dive.
The eagle has a small body but long wings.
Found in many parts of the country, but in all regions.
The color of the feathers is the same as that of the large white-tailed deer, but the body is half as large.
He can't dive, but he can swim well.
Russian historiography did not contain special works on the political and administrative structure of Kazakhstan, but some issues related to the organization and activities of the colonial administration were reflected in the works of officials and orientalists.
The value of the facts presented in the documents is undeniable, but distortions of the historical truth, a negative assessment of events prevail in the archival data.
The dead detachment came to the rescue, but when the Khiva army heard about the approach of armed detachments, it withdrew.
On February 26, 1885, the military governor of Turgai proposed to the Ministry of Internal Affairs to strengthen police protection in the counties, but the regional administration continued to organize measures to "strengthen control over public order."
He returned to Orenburg, but instructed the junior assistant to the head of the district to carry out the most important work for the state.
It is located in the Urals, but it is forbidden to send Kazakhs there.
There are different definitions of discourse, but not all of them are the same.
This is the story they all told, but the syntactic structures that they each chose as a sentence were different.
We did not come across the phenomenon of grammatical aphasia, but there were deviations in the choice of grammatical structures in the description of Russian-speaking students.
We consider a linguistic person to be a person with a mind, certain knowledge, worldview, psychology, living action, but there is a difference between a linguistic person and a communicative person.
The main character of the film is Mansur, but most of the film's narrators describe him as Abylai Khan.
Discourse is understood only as an act of speaking, but in the theory of discourse there are scholars who believe that discourse can only be oral, but also written.
The text is in language, but lives in discourse.
A newborn child repeats what he hears without understanding it, but later understands its meaning.
Many words can be translated from one foreign language, but for communication purposes it is not necessary to know the language at a high level.
I tried to go down to the bottom of the well, which seemed deep, but there was a hole in the bottom.
It looks like a voice is heard, but I can't guess where it comes from.
My father had serious wounds from spears and swords on his head and body, but they were safe and sound, and they could be healed in a few days.
He is handsome as a child, but his clothes are torn and he is barefoot.
Yes, I wrote, but these skills have been known for a long time.
There was no "user interface", but it first appeared on the Macintosh, then on Windows.
Gates, who presented his knowledge of the program, was found on time, but there were other programmers, experienced engineers, and scientists in government labs.
Thousands of people could have done what Bill Gates did at the time, but they couldn't.
Gates deserves to be a role model, but I can tell others.
I have learned a lot, but still I cannot say that I live as happily, productively and carefree as I want.
I want my kids to value their work and learn, but I have to constantly push them to spend.
I can't say that we are fighting, but we no longer love each other.
There are some differences in the ways in which fairness is defined and in explaining the pursuit of fairness, but no one disputes the general idea of ​​fairness.
You can buy a human hand, but you cannot buy a soul.
You can teach them how to answer, but they cannot take responsibility for what they learn.
You can work without giving up, but your efficiency may be low.
It is true that we are limited, but we can move this tight circle that constricts our breathing.
There are many ways to think, but we cannot use this potential.
Obviously, these matters are very important, but not urgent.
The offer was not very interesting, but it was inconvenient to refuse.
Engaged in developing behaviors and goals, but does not intend to look at the "root" - the basic paradigms from which these goals and behaviors grow.
Sometimes we do things to temporarily relieve pain, but the disease is chronic and we gradually adapt to it.
Honesty includes honesty, but it's a broader concept.
I may not say this, but I am saying this because you are my friend.
The law provides life, but does not create synergy.
Look, Stephen, the Win / Win idea is certainly very interesting, but too idealistic.
I bravely defend my faith, but I don't pay much attention to yours.
Everything you say is beautiful, beautiful, but it has nothing to do with me.
He was not our family doctor, but he had to be on duty that day.
Sandra and I wanted to leave, but we couldn't leave Jenny.
Studying some subjects may seem like a waste of time, but in my later life, these subjects proved to be very useful and relevant.
I tried, but it was all in vain.
He wanted to help his son, but did not try to understand his son.
They speak too politely, but without sympathy.
They know how to reasonably understand each other, but do not delve too deeply into the paradigms and judgments underlying the positions of their colleagues, and do not open up new opportunities.
A TV can be as good an employee as our body, but it cannot be a good boss.
We can live as we please, but the consequences of our behavior still come from principles, not values.
We can gain temporary popularity, but in the end, the loss of integrity destroys everything.
These skills are easy to understand but difficult to maintain.
We have them, but we do not always keep them.
The board of directors is scheduled for two in the afternoon, but you don't know what the problem is.
We want love, but we don't love responsibility.
I have never held a responsible position, but I felt a huge responsibility for fulfilling my mission.