Since Abai was such a small man, only the poet Erbol, the poet did not deny that he came alone.
After a long period of violence and hostility, I will be a friend of the people, not a father.
Because of the presence of horizontal people, he was often asked to take care of the farm.
When Shuga became really ill, Esimbek told me not to close his mouth.
There was no intercessor, and they were both very tired.
The window is always dark after the cold outside and the heat inside.
Azimbay deliberately kept quiet so that Erbol would not find out.
I don't have a book, so I'm not well prepared.
Since Abai had not yet commented on the share, Takezhan asked him about his intentions
You are ashamed and embarrassed because he was abused by your brother.
Since not all the guys were there, Bazarly's unknown business was stalled.
For the last two or three years, he has been constantly trapping Abai's head.
When you're short of breath in the scorching heat, you beat yourself up and look for the wind.
As Senge began to look like a bird of the year, Olzhabek had a world of hope.
When the wolf ignored the cry, Jesus took a different approach.
He could not come on time, and we were a little late. The next day they went to the Revolutionary Committee in search of bread.
At night, the horseman fell asleep and smelled a thick horse.
When Raushan arrived, she turned and walked towards the village.
As it is the first work to be published, this anthology may have some shortcomings.
We were deceived into believing that we would not be able to reach the rabbit that ran away from the foot of the rock.
The wind was blowing harder and harder.
Unfortunately, I found a generous sponsor, so this book was not in my archive as it was written.
Since he could not sleep at night, Saken staggered and walked like a fish.
Dissatisfied with what he wrote, Saken tore the paper.
After pouring fresh milk into the straw and cooking it often, the bubble drink is ready.
In Kazakhstan, civic dignity is first and foremost a sign of wealth, so people try to show off their jewelry when talking to strangers.
Because of the harsh punishments applied to the Kazakh people, the horrible forms of punishment will forever remain in the minds of wise girls.
During the mound, the soil was mixed with stones, so walnuts and wormwood on the mound give a special charm.
It was a cold autumn day, so it was cold.
Kazybek's riding coincided with the difficult fate of his people, so he rode fast, dressed beautifully, and could not survive.
The judges were impressed by the business acumen and talent, and if necessary, they presented this compelling evidence.
When you hear Abai's high, muffled voice, you can imagine the pattern and order of the fundamental dances.
Since Abay was well versed in the versions of ancient Turkish literature, Abay consciously took the necessary words from these languages ​​without difficulty and without hesitation.
Al-Farabi's philosophy is so comprehensive in matters of worldview that many of his works are unknown to us.
Due to the system of self-government of our people, the words of the famous Kazakh dancers Kazybek, Tole bi, Aiteke have not been interrupted for centuries.
The snow was heavy at night, and the animals were not ready to go.
After the tea table was set, the guests began to leave.
I don't like this study, so I want to leave this village.
Because talent itself is different, so are the requirements.
Since we have our own children, we can't tell this secret to anyone.
Since the earth's surface is mountainous, the country may not be indisputable.
Since the enemy was using all the tools at his disposal, the defending hero took a different approach.
As the country was not able to fully develop the forest, he asked for help from a neighboring village.
Askar was busy and could not contact the village
David could not fly because the swallow had cut off David's wings
Not paying much attention to what was said about her, Sholpan got out of the boat.
They did not file a complaint because Zhamantai's condition was bad.
Magali finished her speech quickly because of the noise.
Now he has changed both his beard and his clothes, so the image has also changed.
He stood with his head bowed, for he did not feel that he was being insulted, and so he did not look at the two of them.
Data analysis and visualization are performed in a single window, so you can access new information by selecting the necessary data and setting some conditions for it.
He took care of the chicks, and he kept them in the barn along the stream.
Since his article was not ready, it did not allow him to defend his research work.
Since school was close, I would have gone early in the morning.
This meeting began during the labor month, and Abay later tied the knot in his own way.
Due to heavy spring rains, residents of the House could not go outside.
In addition to the fact that many people were crying about Ospan, Abay himself sang poems in the language of the poet.
Since all the zhailau is on the plain, it seems that the fire is often burning near the village.
Since the village is located in this bug, he has not rested for a day.
The most difficult part of the work was here, and Yermek came here on purpose.
Because of the thick middle of winter, Abay was at the end of the book in his new winter quarters in Akshok.
Since the guests left their horses at a distant post,they themselves come to the Horde on foot.
When he didn't move, he moved forward again.
It is the first time I have ever heard of such a thing, and it is the first time I have ever heard of such a thing.
Three widows, two of the three amens, were tied to it, and the others did not break the juice.
By the time I started my studies, I had about two or three months of free time, and in the same year I entered the agricultural census service, which was in general Russia.
This loss, which does not have a known dimension, is obviously a feed that is obtained in a dark way, because it is called "black loss" by the people.
From the news that came to the House of good, everything went through Ushakov and this Buluev, and these two were one of the long-standing associates of Umar.