It must not be the only way to tear the eye out, for the snake with its eyes will tear itself apart and eventually die.
As a rule, the most virtuous person should start the harvest, so many people wanted to show this gift to Syrbay.
Fearing that the Bata would be carried away by the current, Syrbay released the strap of his shoelace: he thought that if he pulled his head, he would put water in his ears.
My hands are shaking, I'm afraid.
It was as if he had finally found it: the lower eyelid of his right eye was beginning to crumble.
The task of starting work was entrusted to Fingerakov, because he knows Kazakh and Russian well.
No one invited you, so you don't go.
Rice seeds are sown by hand in water, the past cannot go to the water in which the seeds are sown.
This is the first time in my life that I have been able to grow a crop, and my soul would have been more painful than any other.
My soul would have been sicker than any other; it was the grain of the harvest that I had sown.
The lakes of zhailau can not be trusted, in the year of drought many of them were drawn.
We went to the village on foot: the narrow road, which the car could not walk, left us no choice.
This bee does not need to swallow in winter, because there is a meadow growing around the lake.
The public was so engrossed in this conversation for a long time that no one was silent.
The Marmot's horse was dug, because it was a coal that was burning on its back.
I hate people who sell their friends, because they can also sell their homeland.
At the meeting, you speak first, so gather your thoughts.
The idea that Kalen would be brought to justice did not occur to him, because he understood that only Nurim and I were responsible.
Yerzhan asked me to cut off my pen, so I had to write down what I heard with a pencil.
This peasant was handed over to Kerim, because he is well aware of the state of the land.
I felt sorry for him, and I also had tears in my eyes.
The listener, the snaker, the builder of my songs are the people, so all that we collect belongs to the people.
"I'm sorry," I said, " but I don't know what you're talking about."
The horse's bones were broken, so the whip was not thrown.
Today it is impossible to walk on the road, because the road is covered with snow.
The excuse of the camel is insignificant, so both I and myself were convinced that he was eating a stick.
Yerzhan would have left if it hadn't been for the train.
Amir did not notice his excitement, because he was surprised that all the summer he spent in Abdrakhman's soul had changed beyond recognition.
At that time, his uncle was engaged only in making clothes, because he was "godless" in the country.
My father briefly told Zhumabay who I was, so he spoke to me without hesitation.
He had a great reputation for great work, so all the workers under his supervision saw what he said, the law,
He had seen Humpty Dumpty in a dream the night before, so the same suspicion had not escaped him.
The old man did not know what he was thinking, so he did not look at the two of them.
On the way, the horses of the Sega, led by Nurysh and Baky, were also on the road, so these four, who were just running away from the hunter like a wolf, were going to cross the Black Road from a distance.
Who does not take the language of zamadas, so I was going to accompany him.
In the course of these few days, Shaker became a person of his own, so he was delighted with his masculine words.
We should thank them, they reminded us.
Shalabai can not walk for a long time, the government has a long tail.
I'm not afraid, my grandmother asked me yesterday.
I am not a man who is mature in the science of physics, so I have little understanding of the concepts given by engineers.
The goal is one, so dividing it into two is a compromise.
Now the problem is to increase the number of houses, because ten thousand hectares of land cannot be developed by sixty households.
Kasym will continue to feed the sheep with a grid of Shaban, so I will get along with Yelem faster than Kasym.
This light was not so interesting for this world, because there was no meaning left.
After a while, the old man regained consciousness, because he did not know where he was going.
It was cold, because the night was cold.
He felt relieved because he was lying on the sacred ground.
Sadiq had felt the invisible barrier several times before, so he held it tight.
He was awakened by a muffled voice, for he did not know how long he had slept.
This time, the State Farm was not happy, so the director of the State Farm was reprimanded.
He thought he was going to start talking to himself, so he looked at the director sitting back.
Sadiq couldn't get the boss to sit down on his knees, because he noticed that the director was looking at him in surprise as if he had a job to do.
I had to change school because I couldn't get along with my classmates.
I didn't understand homework, so I went back to school.