If you want to see changes in the world , be this change yourself .
If we subtract all transport costs , then a transit passenger leaves at least $ 200-250 in Kazakhstan if he arrives with us for half a day or a day .
In monotowns , there is basically no advanced training program for teachers themselves , if we consider the problem from the standpoint of digitalization .
But if you do not follow this path , then it will be difficult for you .
If we cannot see some of its data on a real physical object , then the imposition of virtual objects allows us to see more detailed specific digital values of this object .
If we can transfer all this into the concept of " information data " , then further we will be able to move along the beaten path faster .
The importance of this document becomes clear if we consider that no financial center in the world positions itself as a center of attraction for green finance .
If you are registered on the portal, are registered at the dispensary, the system will automatically send you a notification about a scheduled examination.
If you can do this, you will succeed in this business.
The prospects for regional trade and economic cooperation are considered positively, taking into account the alignment of the projects of the Eurasian Economic Union with the Silk Road Economic Belt initiative.
If we switch to blockchain technologies and at the same time formulate the wrong direction, this can become the most dangerous direction in the development of mankind.
If we want good changes in life, we need to start today.
If you decide to attract foreign labor to the company, then you must pay the state for this.
If you are near, we - your children and grandchildren - feel more relaxed.
If you take these words out of context, the concept of modernization of consciousness may seem somewhat strange and incomprehensible to someone.
If we do not unite the efforts of all countries and create a common coalition, it is impossible to defeat terrorism.
If we do not collect material now, then the current processes of globalization and migration of the population to big cities will lead to the fact that this huge folklore and ethnographic material will simply disappear.
If you have them, then your value, as an employee, as a specialist, rises sharply.
If you look at the bridge from above, you can see that its shell resembles the shape of a fish, which is a symbol of the Atyrau region.
If the family has an able-bodied member, then it will receive an additional package - assistance in finding a job, obtaining an education and a profession, obtaining a loan, a subsidized job (approx. For people with disabilities), the opportunity to undergo youth internship (approx. For graduates of colleges and universities ), the possibility of resettlement in regions where there is a need for labor resources.
if a villager takes this loan for the development of animal husbandry or the creation of a cooperative with his colleagues, then this loan is provided at 7% per annum.
If Facebook were a country, it would become the most populous country in the world, overtaking China.
According to the expert, the more diverse data is available, the better the application will be, the better the insights, the better services can be developed.
If the system detects an offense, the protocol is generated automatically and sent to the address of the violator's residence.
If any citizen of Kazakhstan opens an educational deposit in addition to bank fees up to 14%, the state annually charges a bonus on the balance of the amount in the form of 5 or 7%: 5% - for ordinary families, 7% - for children from socially vulnerable segments of the population.
If there is chaos, eternal depression, laziness, bad habits, low values inside, you should not expect a bright life for yourself.
If you save $ 3000 from each operation, then it's not hard to calculate what the grand total is.
You should always know what you want from life, and then you will have it all.
If an investor wants his financial resources to be used to support environmental projects, energy efficiency, waste disposal, green transport, then he, therefore, has the opportunity to issue or become an investor of green bonds.
If this is not enough, then checks will be carried out.
With a mortgage amount of 9.6 million tenge, it will be possible to issue about 100 thousand available loans.
The more investors from the UK or other countries, from different sectors of the economy are considering the possibility of investing in Kazakhstan, the more and more important role the AIFC will play in providing the financial and legal advice they will need.
And third, when you opened the center, there is a hub and a connection with the outside world, you are working on existing technologies, new technologies.
If one hostel has from 300 to 500 places, it means that it is necessary to build 150-200 hostels throughout Kazakhstan.
Those who quickly arm themselves with the tools of the digital economy, digital communications, digital commerce will reach a new level.
If a dormitory is built, then from the day it is put into operation, they will receive the corresponding amount per month per bed.
If something happens to this person tomorrow, he gets sick, or some social moment happens to him, then the state will not be able to help him, because he did not make deductions at one time.
If a person does not have enough collateral, then the state, having considered his business plan, can provide up to 85% of the guarantee for this loan.
If a person has an inner core, he will overcome any obstacles
First, no modernization can take place without preserving the national culture.
Technology is the driving force behind everything and therefore, if clients ask us to help, we do not look at which sector of the economy they are from.
According to the Prime Minister, all achievements would have been impossible without real professionals who honestly work for the good of Kazakhstan.
It is proposed not to apply fines and penalties if the taxpayer acted in accordance with the explanation of the tax authority, and on which the position subsequently changed.
The calculations of the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan show that if the current growth rates are maintained, Kazakhstan may roll back among the competitive economies of the world.
A university or a construction company, if they do not have land, must take it from the akimat or buy it.
We see that large backbone enterprises, which are the basis of single-industry towns, understand that if they do not modernize, they do not technologically rebuild, then in the next 5-6 years they will become uncompetitive.
Indeed, in the service of the people, the same people, and if they are mentally adult, responsible, then everything - digitalization, process optimization, cost reduction, corruption - in itself will cease to be a problem.
If the turnover is large, then a small business can choose the "simplified declaration" mode - when every six months, 3% of the turnover is paid.
We offer such subsidies, if we build at the expense of the state, then in five years we will use 225 billion tenge, and if we accept the scheme proposed by us, we will use only 20 billion tenge.
If education becomes the main value in the system of values, then the nation will be successful.
And if the economic reform program continues here to create a successful and productive economy, then along with wealth, natural resources, the role of the financial center can be enormous.
If everything goes well, we plan to hold a battle in Kazakhstan.
If the economy does not develop, there will be no decent standard of living, competitive business that creates enough jobs, it is difficult to expect a modernization of the consciousness of an individual person.
If visitors are not satisfied with the available information, they can use the Internet.
If outbreaks of a disease are observed somewhere, all neighboring states are informed about this, and the exchange of information occurs instantly.
If there is food left in the restaurant, then someone might want to buy it.
With a housing cost of 7 million tenge, the monthly payment will be no more than 50 thousand tenge, which is generally acceptable for most working Kazakhstanis.
Agrarian universities will become research, having in their composition research institutes and experimental farms.
The transfer of property to financial leasing is exempt from VAT if the transferred property is purchased without VAT and is included in the list of goods for the SIC.
If you want to change in the future, change today.
Taking into account the new status, the future of the city is foreseen with even greater development.
If you consent, the information will be transferred to a third party.
Taking into account the favorable geographical location and high technical capabilities, the enterprise has a wide field for deliveries to the domestic and foreign markets.
Without teaching children English now, in the future we will not be able to carry out full-fledged training.
We could not have adopted and worked out such a volume of fundamental laws without the fruitful work of the Government.
If we want the Kazakh language to live for centuries, we need to modernize it without burdening it with excessive terminology.
If an employee achieves a result, he receives a bonus.
Kazakhstan can supply agricultural and livestock products to Jordan, and Jordan, in turn, can export vegetables and fruits to us in winter and spring.
If he did not manage to save up for education, he can take an educational loan from banks participating in the state program.
We constantly hold trilateral meetings, that is, if there is a complaint or some kind of request from an investor, we invite him and the party to which there are questions to the ministry.
If he produces more with the same resources, on the same plot of land, with the same livestock, he will earn more money, develop his business, his own business.
If it does not comply with the norms of the Land Code, a prescription is automatically issued.
If the child does not apply for a grant, then he can study with these funds.
If a child enters a grant, then in this case he has the right to use all 3 million, together with the state bonus and bank remuneration, for his other purposes, or he can transfer to a third party, or accumulate further to obtain a different level of education.
The company will be able to deduct half of its revenue without confirmation, and if it starts keeping records of expenses, it will receive bonuses (deductions) for confirming expenses.
If the akim wants to increase the budget, he will be interested in developing a small business in his village.
If enterprises want to be competitive, to enter foreign markets, they must implement digital solutions in production.
If the design and estimate documentation is submitted ahead of time, we are ready to consider and issue an appropriate conclusion as soon as possible.
For example, a family of five, having moved to a village, can count on 571 788 tenge.
Like the world's leading financial centers that have recently been created, such as in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, we plan to not be so dependent on budgetary investments in 3-5 years, to more depend on the possibility of attracting investments.
Challenges such as the risks of a global crisis, conflicts, trade wars, sanctions confrontations, the situation in the Middle East and the Korean Peninsula, which is far from perfect and stable, will not go anywhere in the near future, but, on the contrary, will seriously affect the entire global economic situation.
During his studies, he may not pay the main debt, but pay only the interest debt.
As part of the implementation of investment projects, investors will be able to pick up goods on the basis of an application with the subsequent filing of a declaration no later than the 10th day of the next month.
See how Kazakhstanis successfully integrate into any environment, having found themselves in an unusual socio-cultural environment, for example, while studying or working abroad.
Which, unlike the G7 and G20, will allow consolidating the opinions and interests of all countries and can become an effective tool for finding more balanced solutions.
When the harsh winds blew, we did not build fences, but mills.
If you accumulate at 8500 tenge, then in 10 years until the child finishes school, he will accumulate 1 million tenge.
If you do nothing and live inertly in such a new global reality, then our days are numbered.
If, say, a university does not have its own funds, it can attract investors, it can apply to a bank to obtain preferential loans.
The republican tourist map includes 14 priority projects, of which 7 projects are planned to be implemented in the region.
Since the better the state of the world economy, the higher the prices for Kazakhstani export goods, oil, metals, agricultural raw materials.
So, if this is a young beginner specialist, whose salary is 158 thousand tenge, then under the new system he will be able to receive up to 258 thousand tenge.
Starting this year, subject to the simultaneous employment of at least 5 people, employers are provided with additional subsidies in the amount of 450 MCI (1.082 million tenge).
Tamara Duisenova explained that if family members refuse to conclude such a contract, then able-bodied family members will be automatically excluded from the number of TSA recipients.
In 2018, the volume of transshipment will amount to more than 10 million tons, the share of dry and ferry cargo transshipment will remain at 80%.
If the family has able-bodied members, then that family will receive two social support packages.
With an apartment cost of 12 million tenge, the initial payment (20%) will be 2.4 million tenge, the remaining amount of 9.6 million tenge will be issued by the bank at 7% for 25 years.
If the population of a city reaches two million people, then it becomes economically self-sufficient.
If you follow the path of digitalization, then you have a chance to become competitive, increase your efficiency and productivity.
If after the second stage the specialists prove the presence of hydrocarbon reserves, then the third stage will be devoted to drilling an exploratory well, the depth of which will be about 15 km.
Whoever worked harder will receive a larger pension.
If domestic and foreign investors build their successful economic activities here, this will contribute to the country's entry into the club of thirty world economic leaders.
If there is an opportunity to hold a battle in Kazakhstan, we will facilitate and help this.
If the cargo was delivered by sea, it would take 2-3 times longer.
We understand that the more successful their business in Kazakhstan is, the greater the benefit they will have for the prosperity of our country.
If Kazakhstan becomes a transit hub between India and other countries, then, of course, the economic situation in Kazakhstan will move for the better.
If this specialist also passes the qualification test, then his salary will increase significantly.
A program participant can immediately receive the entire amount of subsidies if he wants to buy a house or apartment.
When it snows, children rejoice
If you're right, they'll figure out the rest.
Until the truth is revealed, he will not calm down.
He couldn't have gotten rid of the wolf if he hadn't taken the gun.
If so many people moved west, how easy it would be for us to become one of them.
If I don't come home, the work will not be over.
If you teach well, you will find support in the future.
The more coal, the stronger the industry.
When it rains, I'll be home.
If Zhabay had not left, he would have stopped the guys.
If you don't study, you won't get an A.
You will not understand this topic until you go to the teacher.
If you listen to Shakhanov, it seems that some truth has been revealed.
It is impossible to imagine the future without studying the past.
Shakhanov did not give up until a commission was established to investigate the December events.
When Kunaev showed the things hidden in the closet, the prosecutor Kolinichenko blushed.
If we invest a million tenge, we must earn at least one million hundred thousand.
If we invest a million and get nothing, I don't think this is a pragmatic use of funds.
If we buy new equipment, we need to organize a competition in order to get the cheapest and highest quality, and not what we have.
If we cannot compete here, what can we do in Europe with our product?
If we can intelligently approach the introduction of the Latin alphabet, we will move to a computer language, which will allow our children and us to enter the economic and scientific space.
If you are not at home all day and you come back too late, turn on the lights at home.
If you come home and meet a group of criminals on the stairs or in the elevator, try to track where they are going.
If you are traveling by bus, tram or trolleybus, be careful when entering and exiting.
If you notice that you have lost money, sandbags or other valuables, first look around - they may fall.
If schools do not allow graduates to take UNT, parents or alumni can apply directly to the local education supervision office or registered UNT school camp.
If we think about the future, we need a forward-looking, well-thought-out financial and economic policy.
If we successfully complete all the activities planned for the coming years, the EEC will be able to move to an efficient operating mode in 2015.
If we don't raise the retirement age today, we will face the same problem in the future.
If we increase the retirement age from 2018, then we take into account the situation of those who have reached retirement age.
If we green the entire region every year, we will turn Kazakhstan into a green country.
If we continue to forgive, there is no need to punish anyone for a crime.
If we unite our efforts, there will be no insurmountable obstacles for our country.
If we cannot agree, we will turn to the law.
If you expand this paragraph, it will become clear that the Government needs to constantly be in the information space and fully inform citizens about the changes.
If earlier it took 6 hours to register a car, now it is only 1.5 hours.
If we introduce new directions in the real sector, we must understand that human resources must correspond to this level.
If we are developing rural entrepreneurship, then there must be all the necessary infrastructure.
If a neighbor complained about loud noise, the hydroelectric power station came and checked not only the noise, but also the quality of service.
Kyzylorda will become a self-sufficient region that does not need subsidies if we start not only with the implementation of mining projects, but also with the development of raw materials.
If we do not use the money invested in the EXPO, the reputation of the exhibition will be damaged.
If you earn money to build a mansion with an area of 2-3 thousand square meters, you will earn money to pay for all utilities.
The richer you are, the more you spend.
If a citizen committed suicide as a result of not being conscripted into the army, the punishment is increased by 3 times.
If we propose ways to meet these needs, it will open up new opportunities for the economy and progress, that is, for improving the lives of people.
If we decide everything correctly, the whole of Kazakhstan will have access to the cultural values of our country.
If earlier we traveled to Europe to learn how to build a state, an interethnic world, now they come to Kazakhstan and study our experience.
If we had not taken this step, in a month we would have been left completely without gasoline.
If you enter a store in Kazakhstan with a specific bank card, the transaction will go through the interbank system.
Если мы всего этого не сделаем, мы будем безнадежно отставать в мировом развитии.
If I start blaming someone now, nothing will change.
If each of us fulfills his civic duty, our country will have a great future.
If you plan your budget correctly, there will be no budget efficiency issues.
If the savings are not used for their intended purpose, the state fee is returned to the budget.
If we identify priority sectors of the economy that directly contribute to the expansion of the product range, we will be able to maximize the volume of mutual trade.
If tomorrow we export agricultural products to foreign markets, strict veterinary requirements will be imposed on us.
If we reform this activity in the near future, we will be able to become full members of international organizations and conduct an equal dialogue with potential partners in foreign markets.
If they come legally, they will wait as long as they want.
By 2025, the transition of the Kazakh language to the Latin alphabet will only increase the competitiveness of Kazakhstanis.
If someone hops off the bus at the last moment of departure, make sure you have valuables.
If you need to leave your car overnight, park it in a well-lit and well-visible place.
If the qualifications require a higher education, the diploma is submitted together with the application for employment.
Do not use the elevator during an explosion or earthquake.
If Cyprus leaves the Eurozone, the consequences for the island will be very serious.
Without watering, money and labor are wasted - young seedlings dry up.
If oil exporting countries do not start thinking about their prospects after oil production today, they may face many negative developments.
If all our citizens work for the development of our country, we will create a labor society, we will train our youth.
If there are few complaints, then the islanders trust the courts.
If the murders are not solved, they are usually sent to the archive.
If the land is not ready, it cannot be put into operation.
If all farms worked diligently, our country would have a surplus of food.
If there is no market in agriculture and production is risky, the maturity of the loan is deducted.
If the permit is extended during the year, the total amount of payment will be 44 thousand 448 tenge.
If it's an attack aircraft, it reveals the secrets of air combat.
If the ticket cost 1 thousand dollars, Kazakhstanis would pay 155 thousand tenge.
If these facts are repeated, their illegal proceeds will be confiscated and their certificates of accreditation will be canceled.
If oil products come from Russia, as it is now, then the deficit will be covered by these supplies, and no other measures need to be taken.
If earlier, in the event of bankruptcy of an enterprise, one bankruptcy case was initiated, but then two cases of bankruptcy and rehabilitation were considered.
If everyone is successful in doing their job, we can achieve all of our goals.
If our returnees move to areas with a shortage of labor, they will be provided with social benefits.
If we have a surplus of electricity, we can sell it.
If government agencies or other organizations use the information provided by the Committee in violation of the law, citizens can sue for their actions.
If they have the same length of service, they all receive the same salary, as a result of which they are treated the same way and their motivation to work is reduced.
If it is a multi-storey building, there must be a lifting mechanism in it.
If there is a specific project, there will be real help.
As long as a company strictly adheres to all tax or administrative laws, there will be no barriers to selling their products.
If a citizen has a username and password, he can enter his personal account and check his account.