After all, I must either leave the midst of these people, or put into my soul the evil that will be restless.
He left himself, or they would have left him.
Words and actions will warm the cold fun or cool the warm fun.
He left himself, or they would have left him.
On a day off, we either watch teli gifts or play chess.
Do you cook or do you clean a house?
I have to either be at the meeting today or watch the preparation.
We must finish the house as soon as possible, otherwise you don't know where to go if Winter falls.
I either have enough or not enough.
Alternately, the bucket is either turned over by the machine, or pulled out by rotating the horse.
Either I had anger or a new fear appeared in my eyes.
Whether you go to the cinema or the circus today, I will prepare for tomorrow's exam.
Whether you go to the cinema or the circus today, I will prepare for tomorrow's exam.
You need to ask the animal either from the ground or from sweat.
I don’t have this sign, or do you not see?
Either you live here or I live here.
Are you driving directly from the village or have you been to villages along the way?
Dauletkeldy expects something interesting from his words or something interesting from his shortcomings.
You need to quickly call a doctor or go to the hospital.
You give me my salary, or we will say goodbye.
Whether he was sick or remembered yesterday, today he did not speak to anyone.
Either I go, or you have to see him off.
It's good that you came, otherwise I would have left myself.
He escaped, otherwise we would have left on our own.
Get to work now, or I'll kick you out.
The dough is cut into large pieces or use hard flour pasta.
Are you the moon in the sky or a flower on the earth?
I don't remember when Aisha arrived, after her marriage or before winter.
Regardless of whether he trusted the post office or wanted to send it through me, he took a ready-made white bag out of the drawer and handed it to me.
Whether you were a mediator of good or a keeper of evil, what is the point of sitting next to the khan, because you know two words?
Are you walking straight or did you hit the village on the road?
When overwhelmed and harshly criticized, his father leans forward in his sleep or asleep.
During the day they seek food for themselves or do not want to be food for others.
He can be a wise or stupid person.
It is snowing or raining today.
Whether he was afraid to be alone or wanted to speak slowly, he wanted Andrei to be with him today.
Either my heart will win or my fist will win.
Words and deeds warm the cold or cool the heat.
The subcondition does not matter, whether it has a periodic meaning or any other meaning.
Subordinate pronouns are mastered according to the type of the narrator's name, or according to the corresponding type of adverbs, or according to auxiliary words of the same meaning.
Simple sentences in a related sentence are always formed by a certain union or auxiliary words used in the union sense.
Whether he believed in Askar's politeness or understood his sisters as children, neither his brothers nor his daughter-in-law showed any signs of protection.
Blessings are given either by an older person or by a respected person.
Whether he saw it with his own eyes or heard it with his ears.
Either you live here or I live here.
Are you driving directly from the village or do you get to villages by road?
Dauletkeldy expects something interesting or something interesting from his words.
On weekends we go either to the mountains or to the village.
Are you preparing lessons or playing games?
Today I have to be in class or get ready.
It is necessary to decorate the house as soon as possible, otherwise they will not know where to hide in the summer heat.
Are you going to work today or not?
The key must be asked either from the person who was there yesterday, or from the guard.
Don't you have this book or is Samat in front of me?
This miracle cannot be described by sight or hearing.
There should be a place for rest or parking.
Aset expects something interesting or something interesting from his words.
Call your doctor early or go yourself.
You raise my salary, otherwise I will leave.
Today he did not speak to anyone, whether he remembered yesterday's incident or was ill.
You have to take it out, or I'll go.
It's good that you came, otherwise I would send someone for you.
He left, otherwise he would have been told to leave.
Do it now or leave.
Finely chop the dough or use dough products.
I don’t remember when he arrived, neither after his arrival in the village, nor before moving for the winter.
Did you hit the village on the road or did you have to stay away?
They rest during the day or try not to eat.
It was either a great ability or a moment.
It will rain or it will be sunny tomorrow.
Whether he wanted to be alone or to leave as soon as possible, Andrei was not worried today.
Either you win or I win.
Words and words can warm or cool a person's heart.
He must either join these people or do good deeds that will help everyone.
Will you go to the cinema with us or will you go to the mountains?
I have to be at work today or wait for you.
You need to finish the job as soon as possible, otherwise you won't know where to go if you leave.
Whether he saw it with his own eyes or heard it with his ears.
Dauletkeldy expects to benefit from this knowledge or character.
We need to call a taxi home early or take our own car.
You can go to work either by my car or by bus.
It's good that you came, otherwise I would have invited the workers.
Tell us about your childhood memories or a recent event.
We need drastic changes, otherwise we will lag behind.
What do we need to overcome the transition period and what is its significance?
Prepare well for tomorrow's race, otherwise it will be difficult to win a prize.
Either go faster or wait.
Do young people want to go to the city or stay in the countryside?
Did Daulet want to go to the library or playground after school?
Have you seen or heard about the achievements of the independent country.