He had so much patience-he could not come to terms with the difficulties he saw.
The beauty of the nature of my native land is so great-that it is impossible to describe in words.
So much so that I was satisfied-I thanked him.
Anger didn't suit me either.
The contestants have so much knowledge-they answered every question without delay.
We liked the lesson so much that we didn't know that time had passed.
In Atyrau, it's so hot that even the consumables are burning.
He's so bored that he doesn't look away.
The sun is so hot that you can fry eggs.
The man was so crowded that there was no place to sit.
Aitys was so controversial that people showed curiosity and interest.
It's so dark in the steppe that you can't see anything around you.
The wrestlers are so strong that they fought for a long time without being able to defeat each other.
When he entered the house, Jumabai shivered, and it became clear that the steppe was cold.
Students have such a thirst for knowledge, librarians work tirelessly until the evening.
The wolves are rabid, and so they went until they arrived in the village.
Azamat was so tired that he could not have lunch and fell asleep.
Maria missed her son so much that she hugged her son from the army for a long time.
The length of the road is such that pedestrians had to stop twice on the road and breathe.
The fire was so intense that it seemed as if thunder and earth were beating together
A person is not bothered by two things: one is a good character, the other is a kind word.
Three things are the qualities of a person: a hot figure, a bright mind, a warm heart.
The fog is so thick-you can't see the lint.
I was so scared that I couldn't get up.
The reason for his absence is this: he returned late from work yesterday.
At one turn of the rim, the track split into two: one went forward along the rim, the other down.
The flood waters were so strong that they covered everything in their path.
Calm Olzhabek was so frightened that he stood up abruptly.
The beef is so nutritious, the taste is indescribable.
Baizhan had only one thing that he was not used to: insects and frogs on the Syr Darya River.
His song amazed the children so much that they seemed to be able to see that partisan.
Many have focused on two issues: one is the task of planting fruit and the other is the task of planting trees.
Everyone has a path: a swan in the sky, a butterfly in the grass.
He was so patient that he never gave up.
He was so pleased - that he thanked me a lot.
He was so angry that he could not speak.
The students of the competition were so knowledgeable that they answered all the questions without hesitation.
The administration reminds: to prepare students for writing scientific papers from an early age.
The thickness of these pipes is such that they can be operated by people like Beisen.
He is so angry that sparks of anger are reflected on his face.
He was so scared he didn't know what to say.
The content of the explanatory field is to explain, supplement the idea, define the idea.
I want to tell you: send me to flight training.
There is a Kazakh proverb: a precious stone, an age of art.
A lie is like a wound: even if it passes, it remains.
Everyone was delighted: someone waved his hands, someone shouted his name.
When the sun rose at five o'clock, the village of Korkemtai was in disarray: the old woman was crying from humiliation, the young people were like a fish in blood.
Kokozek deceived Ushakov: he had problems, but nothing came of it.
Their upside-down shadows in the water are different, some of them look like a blue saukele falling into the water, and now some of them look like big hats shaking their feathers.
Children also find a way to get into the nest: they knit boots made of young cotton fabric, put on cotton gloves so as not to cut their ankles.
The lyrics of the poem seemed to fit the current situation - they greeted the song with a smile.
As a result, the ruin of the farm was so strong that barefoot, slender, educated children were not even attracted to the farm girls.
I suffered so much from such unconscious behavior that I even tried to flee to Russia again.
In addition, the Chinese red tea dress is so long that several girls are holding onto the hem with their fingertips.
According to the author, such a small population is a serious threat to national security.
In this regard, the scientist said: “The difference between a simple sentence and a compound sentence is that a simple sentence consists of separate words and phrases, and compound sentences consist of several simple sentences (syntactic components).
The main features of the compound sentences of the Kazakh language are: The independence of thought, expressed in the syntactic components of the compound.
When divided into related and unrelated branches, related branches are divided into seven types: compound, contradictory, accelerated, selective, causal, sequential, neutral related sentences.
For example, the word "otherwise" is used in two meanings: basic and connecting.
In traditional grammar, the main features of the subordinate clause are: independence of thought.
Professor Balakayev defines a sentence as follows: "A sentence is a sequence of words that express a more complete idea based on a predicate relationship."
Positive suggestion: The brown horse has a bridle and saddle.
Negative sentence: wealth is not ideal, absence is not a shame.
The complete offer: the beauty of a tree is a leaf, the beauty of a person is a fabric.
An ambiguous sentence: The mood of the mother is in the child, the mood of the child is in the field.
Baitursynov defines a simple sentence as follows: "All sentences spoken without a question, without words, without wishes, are called simple sentences."
In the example given in the author's subordinate clause, we can find a compound sentence with the title: "He who is lazy has no companion."
Sauranbayev divides compound sentences into two groups: related compound sentences and related compound sentences.
When Zhumabay entered the house, he was shaking so much that it was evident that he was frightened.
The students were so eager to learn that the librarians began to work until evening.
The road was so long that pedestrians had to stop and rest on the road.
Three things are human qualities: warmth, a radiant mind, and a warm heart.
He was so scared that he could not speak.
The reason for his absence was that he had returned late from a trip yesterday.
The avalanche was so strong that it covered everything in its path.
Sick Olzhabek was so frightened that he could not speak.
This is how beef is bred - the meat melts in the mouth.
There was only one thing Samal could not get used to: mosquitoes along the Syr Darya and insects such as insects and frogs.
His song impressed the audience so much that it seemed as if they were really watching the partisans.
Many focused on two issues: one - study, the second - work.
He was so pleased - he never stopped giving thanks.
He was so angry that everything was visible on his face.
The contestants were so knowledgeable that they answered all the questions without hesitation.
These pipes are so thick that small children can handle them.
He is so angry that he even fuels anger.
He was so scared he didn't know what to say.
There is a Kazakh proverb: if you work, you will be satisfied without begging.
Everyone was delighted: someone waved his hands, someone shouted his name.
Children also find a way to go there: they knit young cotton boots and cotton gloves on their feet so that their feet do not slip.
The lyrics of the poem seemed so appropriate to the situation - everyone sang the song by heart.
In addition, the silk dress is so long that several girls are holding onto the hem with their fingertips.
All I can think of is buying this home.
He was so patient that no matter how much he feared, he never gave up.
He was so happy that he got up and danced.
The competition was so good that the game lasted a long time.
I liked the book so much that I did not know that it was over.
In the north, the sun is so cold that even cars cannot move.
She missed him so much that she hugged him when he finished.
The reason he didn’t come was because he was invited to work.