He didn’t want to leave today, and besides, it was a cold day.
The meeting ended, and the people began to disperse.
Toleutai joined the army and never returned.
The wrestler Zhanay was a strong man, and he was a man with a heart of steel, who always leads the fighters.
He himself does not creep into anyone, but he is also cold to people.
The next day it smelled strange, and there was some kind of turmoil in the distance.
The singer has a pleasant voice and the song was melodic.
The singer has a pleasant voice and the song was melodic.
Construction work has begun and the builders need to be resettled.
An engineer who does not understand art is a bad engineer, a designer who cannot imagine - not a designer, a scientist who does not feel music and does not understand the wonders of poetry - just a self-centered person.
When the primer of the rifle is decelerated, the bolt spring is compressed and potential energy is accumulated.
Shadows of fountains flickered on the surface of the pool, cypress leaves rustled, and at that moment the doors of the palace, which were indescribably majestic, slowly opened.
Uncle Tumarbai invited me to visit, and Gaukhar and I went there.
Daryn began to play the dombra, and Almesh began the pet song "Boztorgay".
Now the trees don't rot and a lot of land has been saved.
Askar was not a singer and his voice was low.
He has a jet-black mustache and a new piggy beard.
The manager checked the work and monitored the implementation of the plan.
Coal produces both oil and iron coke.
I was silent here and did not see the need to speak
The sun went down and the mountain was dark.
Moldakim and Andijan weighed two bundles of wool, and it turned out seven kilograms fourteen grams.
Kadyr has thin clothes and is not well.
Among the visitors are elderly people like Dandybai and Erenai, whom Abai already knew, and two or three middle-aged people.
Mendykyz looked at Khakim, and Alibek looked at Mendykyz.
He went down a steep path, and I went up a steep path.
Such roads are very expensive to build and cannot be built anywhere.
Thousands of hectares of hay will be cut and dozens of barns will be built.
This year I was in Zhailau and was at my uncle's house.
Ospan ran and I followed him.
I have no documents or house number.
An engineer who is not versed in art is not an engineer, an architect who cannot imagine is not an architect.
They went down and the road split in two.
They gave me a toy and a ball to my brother.
Some time ago two horsemen came and untied me from the tree.
Admission and academic success are completely objective and do not depend on any subjective factors.
Currently Astana is the leader of the international anti-nuclear movement and makes a significant contribution to ensuring strategic stability and justice in the world.
At the moment, the process of legal deployment of all areas of the AIFC is underway and key partners have already been identified in creating a regional hub that can attract international business circles that are interested in investing in emerging markets.
Prime Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan Bakytzhan Sagintayev got acquainted with the development of infrastructure facilities of the regional center and visited the bridge over the Irtysh River.
JSC National Company Kazakh Invest is a national agency for attracting investments in the Republic of Kazakhstan, which provides a full range of services to support investment projects from idea to implementation on the principle of "one window" and acts as a single coordination center for the SEZ of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
In order to spread PPP mechanisms, a lot of work has been done, the wishes of businessmen have been taken into account and more flexible tools for the development of partnerships have been developed.
A. Mamin spoke about the measures taken by the Government to further improve the business environment and talked about the progress in the implementation of tasks in the field of modernization, diversification and digitalization of the economy.
The International Center was created on the basis of the legacy of the International Exhibition "Expo: Energy of the Future" held last year in Astana and is a continuation of the Green Bridge Partnership Program, designed to enhance the "green" economic growth in the region.
With the implementation of all five production cycles required for the project, the investment will amount to about $ 10 billion and will contribute to the creation of about 10 thousand jobs.
We continue to work systematically to develop infrastructure around growth points, and we also continue our work to develop roadside services.
At the council, representatives of Kazakhstani companies can discuss the latest trends in the engineering industry, expand the network and find new business partners, discuss and develop new projects, initiate cross-border contacts, learn about the latest Austrian technologies and know-how.
As part of the automation of the SEZ "Khorgos-Vostochnye Vorota", a unified Information System "Nomad" was developed, which ensured the automation of business processes and reduced the time of inspection procedures from 24 hours to 30 minutes.
Has 40 years of experience in international research and policy analysis on investment and enterprise development, facilitates intergovernmental consensus building and provides technical assistance to more than 160 countries.
At the end of last year, trade between the countries amounted to $ 374.2 million and increased more than threefold compared to 2015.
The slowdown in global growth and, especially, the financial crises have a strong impact on Kazakhstan through changes in the conjuncture of world commodity markets, and this factor during a period of slowdown in growth and aggravation of systemic problems of the world economy will increase its impact on the country's economy.
The organization of young business leaders was founded in 1950 by Ray Hickock in New York and initially consisted of 20 members.
The use of the new technology will make it possible to clean the storage device up to environmental requirements, which, accordingly, will improve the quality of the ecology of the city and the region.
This greatly simplifies procedures and, most importantly, will accelerate the inflow of investments to Kazakhstan.
To attract investments in new projects, together with the akimat of the Kyzylorda region, preliminary work was carried out to analyze potential niches and specific projects were identified to attract investors.
The modernization of the Shymkent Oil Refinery started in 2011 as part of the State Program of Forced Industrial and Innovative Development and includes 2 stages.
All these laws, important for investment, have already been discussed in the Mazhilis, and after consideration in the Senate, all 4 bills will be submitted for signature to the Head of State in the near future.
A local police service and community councils have been established to deal with citizens' complaints about police actions.
The Center-South transport corridor, the reconstruction of which began in 2015, will contribute to the development of transport and logistics potential and will allow Kazakhstan to integrate into world transport routes and increase the volume of transit international traffic.
The state sets the rules for doing business, and it demonstrates its readiness for change.
WHO Deputy Director General Jane Alison noted the importance of adopting a new WHO declaration in Kazakhstan and expressed gratitude to the Government of the country for the initiative to hold the Global Conference in Kazakhstan.
The technologies of these works will be studied within the framework of the student research program "Zhas Galym" and will be further developed and promoted by the office of commercialization of the university with the assistance of the Akimat of Pavlodar region.
Over the past two years, we have adopted several special programs for small aircraft and we plan to get down to their realization in earnest.
This project was initiated by the Ministry of Energy of the Republic of Kazakhstan and is aimed at geological study of deep-lying horizons of the Caspian Basin to assess its resource potential.
The bank was established on December 25, 2015 by the entry into force of the Articles of Agreement of the AIIB and officially began its activities on January 16, 2016.
In 2012, Kazakhstan became a member of the Global Forum on Transparency and Information Exchange, and today the country is undergoing a Peer Review on the implementation of transparency and information exchange standards.
The Ministry of Agriculture of the Republic of Kazakhstan needs to pay special attention to ensuring phytosanitary safety and take measures for the timely processing of areas with plant protection products from diseases and pests.
In addition, according to him, a new regulatory framework for Eurocodes has been introduced and a full transition to this system will be carried out by the end of 2019.
In general, the teaching hours in the curriculum will be reduced, and what combinations will be adopted will depend on how correctly and how the educational organization chooses its direction.
In this case, it is noteworthy that the President understands what worries them and takes concrete measures to improve the conditions for their lives.
An annual survey of satisfaction with the quality of the provision of public services is carried out, and today this figure is 83%, i.e. these are visitors who have remained satisfied with our work.
The growth dynamics of the construction industry, having increased to 5.9% in the first half of the year, slowed down in July (0.7%) and approached zero value for 8 months to 0.1%.
The President of the Republic of Kazakhstan took part in the opening of the Hilton Hotel, and also visited the pavilions of Expo-2017
The company has been operating in Kazakhstan since 2004 and is a participant in Tasbulat Oil Corporation LLP (100%) and Kom-Munai LLP (95%, 5% are Kazakh partners), which in turn are holders of the subsoil use right for the Aktas, Turkmenoy, Tasbolat and Komsomolskoye fields in the Mangistau region.
It was completely optimized, and ineffective drugs that are no longer used anywhere in the world have gone.
Foreign publications wrote a lot about Kazakhstan, and quite often quoted the words of maestro Domingo that Kazakhstan made a huge leap forward in a short time.
Despite all the difficulties, the field was launched, and in 2017, 5 million tons of oil were produced.
Our country supports the development of the international megaproject "One Belt - One Road" and is ready for full-fledged integration with the New Silk Road.
Since the beginning of this year, the level of annual inflation has been within the established corridor (6-8%) and amounted to 7.3% by the end of November.
The world is changing rapidly and the labor market must itself, without government intervention, form a new culture.
The Government takes all the necessary decisions and in a timely manner considers the issues of changing the legislation in the field of PPP.
The question of the deputy of the Mazhilis of the Parliament Mikhail Chirkov was addressed to the Prime Minister and was devoted to the efficiency of the budget funds.
The Atlas will be developed as a website and will be updated regularly.
At the same time, the results of monitoring the customs declaration of goods imported into the Eurasian Economic Community member states were summed up and the issues of creating a Commission for the investigation of aviation accidents within the Union were considered.
According to preliminary estimates, ICAO experts note significant progress in Kazakhstan and it is expected that we will seriously improve the indicators in the ICAO rating.
At the same time, traffic safety will increase and the ecological situation in the areas adjacent to the road will improve.
It is also worth noting that the manufacturing sector, even in the last two difficult years, has shown positive dynamics and, in terms of the nominal volume of production, has already exceeded the volume of production in the oil and gas sector for two years.
As a result of the event, the German side highly appreciated the significance of the economic reforms being carried out in Kazakhstan and expressed interest in further cooperation.
120 projects were introduced for 1.5 trillion tenge of investment and 10 thousand permanent jobs were created.
Today, 469 people with disabilities are employed in various positions in the State Corporation, and the work on further employment of this category of citizens will continue.
In 2017, a risk analysis was carried out and due to the high number of self-employed population, the time frame for the implementation of compulsory health insurance was postponed.
During the meeting, the akim of the Kyzylorda region K. Kusherbayev reported on the interim results of the implementation of the President's Address and reported on the dynamics of the socio-economic development of the region.
M. Al-Gargawi noted the high level of the first Summit of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation in Science and Technology and Expo-2017 in Astana and expressed the hope that the experience of Kazakhstan will contribute to the worthy holding of the next International Exhibition "Expo-2020" in Dubai.
The Minister of Health of the Republic of Kazakhstan E. Birtanov spoke about the advantages of the new system of compulsory social health insurance and explained the ongoing work on PPP projects in the health sector.
The parties also considered the issues of the activities of the Intergovernmental Kazakh-Belarusian Commission on Trade and Economic Cooperation and discussed the upcoming 13th meeting of the Commission, which will be held in Kazakhstan in September this year.
This will increase the output of light oil products and bring their quality up to environmental standards K4 and K5.
Trade, economic and investment cooperation is progressively developing, promising joint projects in energy, industry, infrastructure, high technologies and other areas are being implemented.
All preparatory work has been completed, and in early July of that year it is planned to launch the construction of the first stage of the Saryarka gas pipeline.
Its implementation will give impetus to the further development of PHC around the world and will contribute to the formation of a new role for Kazakhstan in modern global health care.
In general, the adopted standards will allow to ensure the annual dynamics of the increase in the volume of housing commissioned by 8% or more than 8 thousand dwellings per year and to bring the indicator of housing provision by 2030 to 30 m² per person.
Professor of the Mimar Sinan University of Fine Arts, historian Abdihuacap Kara highly appreciates the voiced proposals and believes that they will have a qualitative impact on improving the social situation of citizens.
Artificial intelligence can quickly study a patient's medical history and suggest the most effective treatments for doctors.
The bill was approved by the Mazhilis and is currently in the Senate of the Parliament.
All regions took part in the construction of Astana, and today people from all regions live here.
The company started its activities in Kazakhstan in 1993 and is one of the first large investors in our country.
In general, all the planned activities will be completed on time and the work carried out by the ministry on the execution of orders is focused on achieving specific results.
The conducted brainstorming sessions will allow finding approaches and proposals that will benefit the further growth of Kazakhstan, and will also be accepted by the world community as a search for answers to global challenges.
The constructed housing is sold to the bank's depositors within three months, and the remainder of the unsold housing is sold to STB clients.
At the moment, we are negotiating with the public with tour associations, tour businesses, deputies, government agencies, and we hope that we will submit the draft concept to the Ministry of Justice in February, to the Government in March and in May to submit it to the Parliament so that to approve the Plan of legislative work.
Currently, the construction of two dormitories with a capacity of 200 places has begun, and two more dormitories for 250 places are at the stage of summing up the results of the competitive procedures.
We welcome these initiatives and wish the people of Kazakhstan and the President success in their implementation.
During the meeting, amendments to the Code of Business Ethics of Baiterek NMH JSC related to the formation of the Compliance Service of the Holding were also approved, and a report on the final performance of the head of the internal audit service in the III-IV quarters of 2016 was approved.
The authorized capital of the AIIB is $ 100 billion and is distributed proportionally 75/25 among regional and non-regional members.
People will be creators and will receive some kind of reward for their actions.
Since the beginning of the year, 3731 apartments have been commissioned for lending housing by the LEB, and by the end of the year another 4,764 apartments will be commissioned.
"Nurly Zhol": Disbursement of funds has increased in all directions and is proceeding according to plan
The Ministry of Energy, in accordance with the order of the Government, organized monitoring of the progress of repair work at energy enterprises and twice a month the information is sent to the Government.
We wish all the best from India and we are always ready to participate as investors, developers.
Our IT hub has joined this AIFC and through this we want to attract talents from all over the world.
Time has shown the effectiveness of the PPP institution itself and now the existing mechanisms need to be improved.
The ranking of universities is becoming an integral tool of the education system and is of great interest to the public.
141 companies are joint ventures, 41 companies are engaged in the production of goods and 37 companies export products to other countries.
At the end of 2017-2018, 51 schools will be introduced to replace emergency schools and 90 schools will eliminate three-shift education.
The company is a global contractor and carries out major industrial, infrastructure and selected commercial projects for public and private clients in Europe, the Middle East and North Africa.
The corridor will contribute to the development of transport and logistics potential and will allow Kazakhstan to integrate into world transport routes and increase the volume of transit international traffic.
We provide the necessary comfortable service and also control the provision of public services with the customer.
Kazakhstan announced the completion of a special training program for Afghan civilians and offered to continue training specialists from this country in Kazakhstani institutions.
The professor focused on the research projects of the Faculty in creating conditions for the transition of the Kazakh language to the Latin alphabet and the possibilities of scientific design for young people.
In total, 75 thousand people were involved in the implementation of projects, and the share of road-building materials of domestic production was 93%.
Lala came to Kazakhstan for the first time and she liked Astana, Borovoe, as well as hospitable people of Kazakhstan.
For the facilities of Astana Onak Uyi JSC, National Scientific Medical Center JSC and Kazmedtech JSC, independent consultants have been attracted to carry out the assessment, and assessment activities are currently being completed.
Kazakh Invest plays the role of a single negotiator representing the interests of the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan when discussing the prospects and conditions for the implementation of investment projects.
A. Zhumagaliev told the Kyrgyz side about the Digital Kazakhstan State Program and invited them to the technical opening of the Astana Hub pavilion, which will take place on July 3, 2018.
At the end of 2017, the volume of investments in the healthcare sector amounted to 91.4 billion tenge and increased to the level of 2016 by 43.5%, which is one of the highest indicators among the sectors of the economy of Kazakhstan.
The company's products will be sold on the domestic market and will cover the demand for high-tech aluminum products.
Within the framework of the program, this year, akimats have been allocated 25 billion tenge and the construction of almost 6 thousand rental apartments has begun.
The system provides personalized accounting of more than 15 million Kazakhstanis from birth throughout life and provides automated services at all stages.
At the end of his speech, the President of Kazakhstan thanked the leadership of the region and the builders, and also congratulated all those present on the upcoming Day of the capital and wished peace, kindness and prosperity.
The project was implemented within the framework of measures to create a cluster of aluminum industries and will be the first in the history of metallurgy in Kazakhstan, when production of almost all the processing of aluminum will be concentrated on one territory.
Bakytzhan Sagintayev visited the Employment Center of the city of Kokshetau and considered measures to assist in the employment of residents of the region.
All these services are part of the Smart City project and will be located in the building of the Energy Efficiency Center.
I am grateful to you for the colossal work that you are doing in your country in Uzbekistan, and this work has a strong impact on all countries in our region.
According to the Concept, control over religious propaganda is strengthened and state functions for monitoring the activities of religious associations are expanding.
We had the opportunity to establish contacts with representatives of almost all countries of the world and our research institutes, universities used this opportunity to the fullest.
They, in turn, noted the interest of global investors in the green economy of Kazakhstan and developed recommendations to stimulate investment and services in the green sector.
To date, Kazakh Invest is working with 147 projects and is providing support to investors in terms of resolving all emerging issues.
This program selects individual treatment methods, scales access to oncological expertise and analyzes large volumes of medical literature, processing data from more than 300 medical scientific journals, 200 textbooks and almost 15 million pages of text.
During the meeting, Nursultan Nazarbayev made a number of comments and instructed the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan to make appropriate additions to the draft program.
Today, the production branches of Altynalmas employ over 1.5 thousand people and employ about 100 units of mining equipment.
Today, 131 employers have become holders of such certificates of trust and have been excluded from the list of enterprises subject to scheduled inspections for three years.
In 2017, engineering communications were brought to more than 70 thousand plots, and all of them were allocated to private developers.
The production of original and elite seeds has been restored and other measures have been taken to support seed farms.
The company expressed interest in participating in the Consortium of the manufacturing sector together with ENU, the Cavendish Laboratory of the University of Cambridge and intends to conclude an agreement on co-financing the project on the use of heat pump technologies.
Within the framework of the Republican meeting on digitalization, a meeting with international experts was held, where the main aspects of the state program "Digital Kazakhstan".
As a result, according to the World Bank, in the Doing Business-2018 rating, Kazakhstan took 36th place and in five years has risen in this rating by 40 points.
However, funds from the sale of objects by local executive bodies go to the local budget and will be spent in accordance with the budget code for local budget expenditures.
Instructions to the responsible government agencies to prevent fuel shortages have been given and will be under constant monitoring.
In 2018, the reconstruction of the runway of the Semey airport will be completed and the reconstruction of the runway of the Kostanay airport will begin.
The program does not require targeted government funding and is implemented by attracting long-term resources in the stock market.
This will be equated with irrational use of land and will be confiscated.
The United States and Kazakhstan recognize the importance of developing agricultural trade relations and will continue to explore opportunities for enhanced cooperation, including through joint agricultural research.
The press service of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan officially expresses bewilderment at the dissemination of distorted information and confirms its openness to cooperation with any media in providing objective information.
The volume of highly profitable transit container traffic doubles annually and amounted to 347.5 thousand containers last year.
The results of the work will be communicated to the regions and the corresponding regulatory documents will be adopted.
The implementation of the project will allow attracting the advanced experience of world oil and gas producing companies to the country and will become an incentive for the development of all sectors of the economy of Kazakhstan.
Investment proposals comply with international standards and are already in the works.
These programs comply with international requirements and include basic social risks associated with harm to the life and health of tourists.
The winter maximum load was noted on January 28 and amounted to 14,615 MW.
BNOU provides a reliable source of fuel for countries moving to clean nuclear energy and reduces the risk of proliferation of enrichment technologies.
I am closely watching your work and I know that you have created a new capital - the city of Astana.
The highway covers over 240 settlements in 5 regions with a total population of about 5.5 million people, and is already giving its effects for the development of the economy.
Following the results of the round table, an agreement was reached to continue joint work on the development of legislative initiatives at the Kazakh Invest site and unified recommendations were developed regarding amendments to the current legislation in order to improve the investment climate.
It is in this form that this information is easy to obtain and you can also quickly obtain the necessary information, compare the level of security of cities and districts.
Such projects are effective and in demand by business.
The use of gas as a fuel is less labor intensive and more comfortable.
The agro-industrial complex will be efficient and competitive and will be exported in the future.
The results of today's visit are very productive and important, they give a new impetus to cooperation between the countries.
We are interested in further strengthening bilateral military cooperation and are ready to provide maximum support to it.
All jewelry and decorative crafts are closely related to the history of the Kazakh people and reflect the development of a national culture that has thousands of roots.
Media agency "SUCCESS K" has a high international reputation and extensive experience in holding events that create a positive image of Kazakhstan.
The new unit will double the capacity and reduce energy consumption by 24%.
Its powers are clearly regulated by conditions and signed agreements and apply only to the economic sphere.
The message covers the most important spheres of public life and is dedicated to the comprehensive and dynamic development of the state.
The territory of JSC NC "KazMunayGas" is of great strategic importance for the development of the country's economy and protects the interests of many people.
The peculiarity of the competition is that it is held in different countries and allows young musicians from all over the world to participate.
In turn, E. Idrisov thanked his colleague for this decision and called for further cooperation in this format.
During the meeting at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan, the foreign ministers discussed a wide range of issues of bilateral, regional and multilateral cooperation and adopted a joint statement.
The American side promised to make a decision on participation in the exhibition and noted that it would open its pavilion in connection with the approval of the results of participation in EXPO-2015 in Milan.
In turn, Jamal Khan noted that Islam attaches great importance to relations with Astana, and expressed readiness to take measures to further strengthen trade and economic ties between Kazakhstan and Pakistan.
He welcomed the signing of a Memorandum of Cooperation between the Mazhilis of the Parliament of Kazakhstan and the People's Assembly of Bulgaria and expressed confidence that this document would contribute to strengthening cooperation between parliamentarians of the two countries.
The meeting on Iran's nuclear program in Almaty in 2013 further developed the negotiation process and laid the foundation for Iran's withdrawal from the sanctions regime.
Kazakhstan strongly condemns a number of terrorist attacks in Paris and states that no form of terrorism should be tolerated.
We express our deepest condolences to the French people, the families and friends of the victims, and wish the injured a speedy recovery.
Kazakhstan declares its support for the efforts of the entire international community within the framework of the UN in the fight against terrorism and extremism and believes that this evil can be overcome only by uniting the efforts of all mankind.
Thanks to this program, thousands of our young people have graduated from the best universities in the world and are now using this knowledge for their country.
According to the report, Kazakhstan is one of the countries with the highest level of human development and in 2015 ranked 56th for this indicator.
The participants of the event showed great interest in information about Kazakhstan and emphasized the content and informativeness of the reports, which were able to reveal the topic as much as possible.
Kazakhstan fully welcomes the adoption of UN Security Council resolution 2254 (2015) and supports the decisive step by the international community, including the International Support Group for Syria, towards a peaceful settlement of the bloody conflict in this country.
We are neighbors in the Caspian Sea, and the removal of restrictions in the financial sector will greatly facilitate the formation of imports of goods to Iran.
We pay special attention to the upcoming elections and intend to ensure 100% public confidence by organizing elections in accordance with high democratic standards.
The Republic of Kazakhstan supports the intensification of the search for consensus on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict and hopes that the parties concerned will show a constructive approach to moving forward in the settlement of the conflict.